Hey, good morning family. I just want to
say thank you to all the people who
came out for the Arise Conference
with Sister Billie and Rick Renner. It was
wonderful. We have one more
day, which is Sunday, and we're having
services tomorrow morning
and
tomorrow night at 7:00. We're
excited about it;
it’s
the finale, and I'm believing God
for a major move of His presence, a
glorious outpouring of His Spirit on the
last night, which is tomorrow night.
It's been so exciting to
see every single one of you. Thank you
for driving so far to be a part of this
conference. There were a lot of you
who
drove from all over the place, from Maine
to Michigan. I talked to
a man from Colorado who
has
been coming to all the
meetings, so it's exciting to see your
faces.
It’s
great to
put
a face with the name
from
an email and say, 'Oh, that's
who you are.'It’s exciting because
y’all
are so kind; you
email us and always try to encourage us,
and you're so faithful.
I think it's interesting, I have some
things on my heart. Bill Gates
went on *The View*. Some people sent this
to me and said, 'Brandon, did you see
what Bill Gates said on *The View* about the
plague and all that?'I said,
'Go
figure,'but
he went on *The View* and
told everybody that he thought there
would be another plague happening within
the next four years—a major one, worse
than COVID—just like I told you all that
they were planning something worse than
COVID,
like the Black Death.
He went on to say all these dark
things. Let me show you that little
clip right here.
Before COVID, you said you spent the most
sleepless nights worrying about
pandemics. After COVID, has that changed?
And if it has, what keeps you up now?
Because
we all need to
know. Yeah, the pandemic, sadly, was
fairly predictable, and it won't be
the last pandemic. The next one could
be far more severe. I mean, this one
killed millions; it was awful. We got
the vaccine.
President Trump's leadership was a
factor in getting that out quickly.
When I spoke to him, I said, 'Here
are
some other medical innovations,
including a thing called an HIV cure
that could be
accelerated.'So,
we should be more
prepared for a pandemic; I'd say
that's still number one. You
can worry about nuclear war, AI—oh, there’s
plenty to
worry
about—but
overall, I'm an
optimist. It’s up to
the government to think ahead on behalf
of the citizens. Regarding a pandemic,
there's a lot that we should be doing
that hopefully we'll get our act
together before the next one comes.
Overall, innovation in health, both
in developing countries and the rich
world, I love being part of
that. I was reading, though, that you said
the next pandemic you are predicting within
maybe 25 years. Is that certain? Certainly, we'll
have one in the next 25 years. There
are
even some pathogens out
there that we're watching right now.
So, maybe a 10% chance in the
next four years. Folks, they're
telling you what they're planning; it's
how they're going to try to derail
Trump's presidency to try to not let
him do all the things he’s wanting
to do. I saw the darkness of them
trying—the
Antichrist agenda trying to stop
and derail the things that God was
trying to do. Now, I believe the plague
has a great opportunity to take
place; maybe we can delay it, maybe we
can't, but I'm telling you all it's not
for us to fear. The Lord said if you get
Psalm
91 deep down inside of your
heart and Psalm 23—I told you all I saw
a major storm coming on the East Coast; a
major storm was coming and it starts in
Europe. The Lord showed me a great
shaking to awaken is coming.
Whenever I
talked to Sister Billie, she said, 'Brandon,
we want something greater than a
revival,'and
what's greater than a
revival is an awakening unto God.
That's what the Lord told me:
'Brandon, I'm going to bring an awakening
to the church. There's a great shaking to
awaken.'So,
I want you all to be
encouraged that this isn't about fear
for
you
Bible-believing,
Holy Ghost-filled,
on-fire-for-Jesus
people. This is a time to arise
and shine for the light has come and the
glory of the Lord is risen upon you. This
is not going to be a time for you to go,
'Oh no, Chicken Little, the sky is
falling.'I
do not believe that. I believe it's
time for the glorious church to rise up
and take their authority like we've
never seen before. The
Bible says that He's coming for a bride
without spot or
wrinkle, and we will be that glorious
church. What is it going to take to
get there? I was standing
there
getting my daughter ready for church
tonight and the Lord spoke to me.
I was frustrated because I was
brushing her hair and
helping Diana get ready because
we were running late, and the Lord spoke
to me. He said,
'Brandon, when are you
going to shift your thinking for Megan
to believe for her
now?'She's
healed instead of
always—because
He heard my
heart—complaining
about what I was doing.
He said to me, 'When are you going to
believe Me that today is the
day? Why is it that your heart is
always, "Well,
it'll come one day; her
manifestation is going to come one
day"?'I
believe it. He said, 'When are you going
to shift it to now-faith as the substance
of things hoped for and evidence of things
not
seen? When are you going to believe for
her now,
Brandon? Why not?'And then He said this to
me: 'Why not
tonight? Why not
tonight? And if not
tonight, why not tomorrow
night? Why do you put off in your mind
that
this may happen in a couple of
years?'That's
what He was correcting me on. I
stopped and said, 'Lord...'He said, 'When are
you believing for it? When do you really
believe for it? Why are you believing for
years from now? Believe Me for the
now.'So
I want to encourage you all: there's a
lot of things you've been believing
for, like finances, and it may not seem like
you're ever going to get out of poverty,
get a good job, or
that
your marriage is ever going to turn
around, but suddenly things change.
Joseph was in
prison
for
years, but he didn't know
all his circumstances were going to
change in a 24-hour period and he was
going to be second-in-command of all
Egypt. There was a 'suddenly.'There is a
time where all the trials and the things
you've been going through will have an
expiration date. When is your expiration
date? The Lord said for your life and
what you're believing for, when is that
time of that miracle coming
for you? If we're always believing
for later—which
I have
been—like,
'One day, Lord, in
the
sweet by-and-by Megan's going to get
over that.'Why not
now? Mark 11:24: 'Whatsoever things
you desire, when you pray, believe that
you receive them, and you shall have
them.'Do
you understand? 'Whatever
things you desire, when you
pray, believe that you receive them, and
you'll have them.'That's the first part
of the verse.
I said,
'Forgive me, Lord,'because
we
always try to be
so
spiritual; we try to act like
we're
faking it, saying 'I'm
believing,'but
are you truly believing?
Are you really believing? That's what He
was showing me: 'Do you really believe
this?'I'm
going to question you: do you
really believe your unsaved loved ones
are
coming? How would we act if today they
called you and said, 'Mom, Dad, Grandma,
Grandpa, I got born again
today'? Instead of 'one day they'll get saved, I'm
believing before they die they'll get
saved,'what
if we start believing in the
now? The Lord said, 'Start believing for
the
now.'All
we see about the great
shaking—I'll
go back to
that—I
know what the Lord has shown me:
there's a great shaking to awaken. I know there
are
major things about to take place.
It's all about the people
that are coming and running with
the—we're
ready with the catcher's mitts, ready
to get the people that are coming.
The shaking to awaken is for the great
revival, for us to have this major
outpouring of the Spirit like we had at
these services. We're waiting and
anticipating the manifestations of the
glory, saying, 'God, let's do it
tonight. God, let's see somebody get
healed tonight.'Where
is
the glorious
outpouring?
Where's it at, Lord? I'm believing
it's going to happen
tonight. I'm believing my unsaved loved
one's going to get born again today.
Always have an expectation for the
manifestation of what you're believing
for, never losing sight of being fully
persuaded that what God has promised,
He's able also to perform. I believe I
receive what the Lord has told me He
would do, and I'm not going to get weary
in
well-doing.
I'm going to keep my eyes focused on Him,
seeking Him, staying vertical regardless
of what the finances say, regardless of
what my checkbook says,
or
what my bank statement says. I
am
not moved by what I
see; I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm
moved
by what the word of God
says. That's what I'm trying to tell you
all. Many of you are
going from paycheck to paycheck;
you're barely making it and you
know that everything
you've earned today was spent three
days ago. You're thinking, 'How in the
world am I ever going to get out of this
circumstance? How am I ever going to get
out of this hole that I've been
in?'We're
so in debt that the debt is over us and
the bill collectors are calling every
single day. But there is
a 'suddenly.'The
Lord told me to tell you this today
because
I said, 'Lord, how do I present
this?'He
said, 'Tell them what you're going through
right now. We're all a work in
progress.'We're
all
believing
for something today. If you're not, you
should be. Believe God to do something
big in your life because He's able to do
exceedingly abundantly above all that
you dare ask or think, according to the
power that worketh through you and in
you. We are His
children; the spirit of man is the candle
of the
Lord. I believe with all my heart it's
time to believe God for the
impossible. You may think, 'I'm never going
to get out of this financial
hole,'or
'I'm always going to be
at the bottom of the barrel and the
barrel is on top of me,'but it's time to
change that stinking
thinking. It's time to think, 'My husband
or my wife is going to come to
Jesus.'They're
going to have
that supernatural visitation from the
Lord in their sleep; they're going to
have that supernatural Holy Ghost
experience on the way home from work
today. When I get home today,
my wife's going to be there. You say,
if your wife's a stay-at-home mom,
'She's going to have something that's
going to tug at her and she'll say, "Honey, I had
an experience with Jesus
today."'You
say, 'I've never had
that before; my wife is not saved
and
doesn't want anything
to do with Jesus.'But there's always that
'suddenly'; there's an expiration date for
what you're going through. I believe with
all my heart, I hear that in my spirit
today to tell you: there's an expiration
date for what you're going through.
The Lord told me to tell you it's time
to believe God for big. It's time to
believe Him for big in your life
today, that there will be sudden
things, a sudden change. I got
hope when I saw tonight.
Megan had a rough night at
church, but I said I'm not moved, even
when
she was squirming around on the
back row and we had to take her
out because I thought, 'Man, this is
embarrassing.'The
guest speaker was
sitting behind us as he got there
late, and I thought, 'This is a very
embarrassing moment because
of
how Megan is acting,'but I said I'm not
moved by what I see. I said, 'God, I'm
believing for the now.'But see, the devil
always comes to challenge your
'now'to
try to knock you down right
before you know that your breakthrough
is right there at the door.
Tomorrow is the Super Bowl,
and there are a lot of times you'll see
them
go all the way
to
the end zone,
and right at the one-yard
line—fourth
and goal for those
who
like football—it's when it's
the hardest to make the touchdown. A lot
of times you just got to
get a couple of inches,
but it seems to be the hardest.
If you don't give up, if you
keep on keeping on and keep looking—even
when
the devil comes
immediately like he did tonight
to try to knock me down and say, 'You had
that word in the house, ha ha ha, Megan acted
up'—I
got frustrated
and
tired of it. I looked
at her and thought, 'Wow, this is a
rough night
tonight.'My
wife said, 'What was that all
about? That was a hard night.'I said
it's
because he immediately comes to
challenge the word of what the Lord
said. He comes to try to kick you and
knock you
down, but if you stand up and say, 'I'm
standing up on the inside, sucker.
I don't care how you try to
kick me in the gut and knock me
down; I'm standing on the
inside, and there's an expiration date to
my
circumstances.'I
am
not moved by what I see; I'm not moved by
what I feel; I'm moved by what the Word
says. I'm telling you tonight
folks, I'm
living
it. You say, 'Well, Brother, you have it all together.'No, I'm living it. I'm an example of somebody
who's standing by faith for something
they've not seen in 20 years, but
the Lord said there's an expiration
date. What's your expiration date? What
are you believing Him for? What are you
saying in your heart,
'I'm not moved by what I see; I'm not
moved by what I feel; I'm moved by what
the word of God says'? He
said all things are possible to him who believes.
Do you
believe
that?
I want to say
with everything I
have: all things are possible to him who
believes.
Your unsaved loved one is coming home
today. Your wife's going to have a
turnaround today; your husband's going to
have a turnaround today. Your marriage is
coming out of the hole; your marriage is
going to get rekindled. You're going to
fall in love with each other. In this
time of
love, we will not get out of love; we
choose to walk in love with our unsaved
loved ones no matter what we see, no
matter how ugly they act. They may
come in
and
cuss you out or do something
crazy, and you go, 'Lord, I
thought you told me they're coming
home.'No,
I'm not
moved by what I see.
I'm calling those things
that be not as though they were
today. My husband is saved, my wife is
saved, my children are saved; they are
healed, they are whole, they are well.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You
sent Your angels to war on my behalf.
Holy Spirit, I need Your help; I'm in
a ditch, come and get me out.
The Holy Spirit's an ever-present
help in a time of need, and He
pulls you out of that ditch.
But it's our stinking
thinking that derails us and we get down
in that pity party, saying,
'Woe is
me, feel sorry for
me.'No,
it's not always easy
when you're
going through it, but it's
what's
standing on
the
inside. I am not moved by what I see.
I know
there's a lot of you hurting inside and
you may have had the worst week ever,
saying
'I am so tired of being
depressed or
having anxiety
or
a fighting
marriage.'But
there's an expiration
date. I choose to believe the expiration
date
is
today. I want you to believe today with
me.
It says where two or more
agree in
touching anything, I'll be your two. I'll
agree with you today for your unsaved
loved ones and that
you have expiration dates right
there.
Joseph
had his season of great
change. He surely thought, 'Am I
going to be in this prison? All I did was
try to honor God by not sleeping with
Potiphar's
wife, and she said I raped her
when
I didn't touch
her.'He
could have been up there
whining, but he feared God
and chose not to murmur and complain.
He
could have cursed God and died,
but he chose to fear the Lord and
interpreted a dream for
Pharaoh, and lo and behold, he got out of
that pit and became
second-in-command.
Your circumstances can change
just like his did. God is
no respecter of persons,
and what He did for
Joseph thousands of years ago, He'll do
for you today. Jesus Christ is the same
yesterday, today, and
forever. Yet we see all these things
about plagues and
earthquakes
in the news;
we know we're in the signs
of the times.
I warned you about this
and
that, but right now the
Lord is telling me to tell you
He
wants you to believe Him for
big.
Major alarm bells are
going off in the spirit realm, but the
Lord's coming back for a glorious church.
It's time for the
body of Christ to arise and shine for
the light has come. We are going to
be the salt and the light, and people are
going to run to us and
say, 'What is it that's different about
you?'I've
said this many
times:
it will be like a
quarter; you'll have the dark on one side
and light on the other. What
do you choose to focus on? The Lord said
great sobering days are coming.
You
can focus on the glorious church or you
can focus on the darkness,
the
plagues, pestilence, wars,
signs in the heavens,
and
asteroids.
It's going
to freak everybody out, but
are you the one who is stable, saying
'I'm a King's kid. He's got me. I'm
protected. I'm always in the right place
at the right time. I'm never where
a
terrorist
attack
is going to be. I am where God
wants
me.'Be
filled with and controlled by the
Holy Spirit
today.
How hungry
and
desperate are
you for change in your life today? I
choose to believe with you
for your healing. So let's take
communion right now together. I
just wanted to tell you there's an
expiration
date. There
are
levels of
glory;
He's talking to me about what it takes
to get to the glory and He gave me
Romans.
I really want you to memorize
the whole passage
of
Romans chapter
8. Verse 18 talks about the suffering
whenever
you go through the
Refiner's
Fire; it causes the glory to come on
you. The greater the affliction, the
greater the glory on your life.
Glory
and challenge go hand
in hand. Refiner's fire and
glory go hand in hand according to
Romans.
I choose not to let these
circumstances define
me.
This is not who I am; this is just a place
I'm moving through.
Yea,
though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death, I will
fear no evil. Sometimes you have to walk
through the
valley,
but you have to
keep
walking. Thy rod and thy staff, they
comfort me.
He will deliver you from the snare of
the fowler,
but sometimes you
still
have to walk through the valley.
Many are the afflictions of
the righteous, but the Lord said He
would deliver us out of them all.
When you get through that
valley,
it's the Refiner's Fire that causes
us to go up higher.
We're going to see a major outpouring of
the Spirit of the Lord beyond anything
we've ever seen before. Father, we just
thank You
for all You've done for
us. We thank You for Your body that was
broken for us. You were wounded
for our
transgressions and bruised for our
iniquities; the chastisement of our peace
was upon You and with Your stripes we
are
healed. Lord, we
thank You
that
You
suffered and died. According to
Galatians, Christ has redeemed us
from the curse of the law.
I
thank You
for
the
'now,'for
the expiration date of it.
We call healing
over our bodies and we say today
is our victory and deliverance.
Rick Renner said, 'If you start
asking the Holy Spirit for
help, it’s like an old tea
kettle.'It
takes a little bit sometimes for
the
water to
make that boiling sound,
but if you keep on seeking Him and praying in the spirit, eventually
that kettle’s going to start to whistle. So be steady and
keep on keeping
on.
Lord,
we take this
body right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank You,
Father,
that
we don't have to go through this
anymore.
We plead the blood over
our unsaved loved ones and thank You
that they're saved
and
healed. We thank You for
jobs and better jobs. We
apply
the blood
around our house;
no weapon formed against us will
prosper.
God has not given us a
spirit of fear, but of power, and of love,
and of a well-balanced mind. Now, Father,
the Bible says that Satan has blinded
the eyes of the
unbeliever, and we take authority over
those eyes right now that
they
would be flooded with light.
I say in the name of Jesus that they
have that 'suddenly'experience with
the Holy Spirit right now, that they will
no longer be on this path to
hell but will be
radically
born again
and
ready for the
coming of the Lord.
I thank You that
those unsaved loved ones are coming to
Jesus right now as we speak.
If
you
need Jesus,
let me lead you in the sinner's prayer.
Say this with me:
'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God. I
believe that You died and rose again on
the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I
need a
savior. Forgive me, Lord,
and
write my name in the
Lamb's Book of
Life. I want to make You my Lord and
personal
savior.
Thank You, Lord, for forgiving me of my
sins. I love You, Lord, and I'll serve You
all the days of my
life.'That's
all you have to do.
Tell somebody
in the comment section if you
just gave your heart to Jesus.
We want to rejoice
with you.
If you don't have a Bible,
email us
and
we'll
send
you
one
for free.
Find a Bible-believing church,
get baptized, and keep
fanning your flame for Jesus. Don't let
it go cold.
Now,
let's pray for your
healing.
Reach
forth and grab a hold of His garment by
faith.
The woman with
the issue of blood said, 'If I could touch
the
hem of His garment, I'll be made
whole.'He
said, 'Daughter, your faith has
made you
whole.'If
her
faith made her whole, your faith
will make you
whole.
Life and death are in
the power of your tongue; whatever you
say out of your mouth today
is
what you're
going to have for results tomorrow.
You've got to
change your stinking thinking.
Start
saying,
'I believe I receive
my
healing; my circumstances are changing
today.'I
hope
this video blessed you.
We stand with
you for your finances.
God said,
'Give, and it shall be given unto you: good
measure, pressed down, shaken together, and
running
over.'Seed
time and harvest never
cease.
Bless your
pastor and those
ministering to you
spiritually.
Help get the gospel
out.
People sent me
a
guy on YouTube saying,
'Brandon, you need to
tell us how to invest our
money,'and
he made a video
just for me.
Listen, I do what the Holy
Spirit tells me to do.
I am led
by the Spirit of the Lord.
The Lord
corrected
me very sternly about
prophetic
YouTube channels that
base themselves solely
on
being a 'genie in the
bottle.'I
refuse
to use the gift of God inside of me
like that. The Lord said you will
see a great shaking in
the prophetic community.
He told me, 'Brandon,
I'm done with
that.'You
must
speak exactly what I say and not add
anything to it.
It's about going vertical with
Him.
Seek ye first the kingdom and all
these things will be added unto you. He
never said to seek
money or the next XRP
or
XLM
prophecy.
I will not. It's
about
not seeking the Father for
material gain.
If you seek My
face,
Brandon, you can have what’s in My
hand.
But I refuse to be a little toddler
asking
for
candy.
Daddy has the cattle on a thousand
hills;
everything in
His kingdom is yours
already. He
specifically told me to tell
you all about the
Dinar
because many of His children
are about to go to jail or prison
for tax evasion.
He had a heart of compassion,
saying 'I don't want to see this
happening.'A
storm
is
about
to happen and
the
devil
is
going to try to set you all up
out of
greed.
I
saw how the people were about crypto and
the lust through all the
emails; 75%
were so obsessed with
money.
Fall in love with Jesus and He'll
give you the desires of your
heart.
Turn your eyes upon
Jesus, look full in His
wonderful
face, and the things of Earth will grow
strangely
dim in the light of His glory and
grace.
Nothing else
matters; all the other stuff is just
material.
He's coming
soon, and He's coming back for a people
who are sold out. Is your lamp full of
oil
today, or
are you like the five virgins who did not
fill their lamps? When the bridegroom came, they
weren't ready
and He said, 'I don't know
you.'It’s
not
about
when it's convenient
to have your
lamp
full.
Five had it and five didn't. Who are you
today?
I want Him to say, 'Brandon, I look
forward to these days with
you.'I
used
to
ask
Him about finances,
and
He said, 'Don't you
ever come to My throne asking like that
again.
Seek ye first
the
kingdom.'So
that's where we're at.
I hope this video blessed you.
Watch
Israel.
Subscribe,
click the
notification bell, and give a thumbs up
to
help get this into the algorithm. We
never ask for
a dime from
anyone.
If
someone
asks
for
money,
that is a
scammer.
God bless you all.
Jesus
loves you so much.
We'll see you again soon.